Standardize the "Next steps" cards across Quickstarts (Follow up) (#3450)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/_partials/quickstarts/next-steps/frontend-sdks.mdx

Explore the next major things you can build with Clerk using the following guides.

<If notSdk={["js-frontend", "vue", "astro", "nuxt"]}>
  <Cards>
    - [Prebuilt components](/docs/reference/components/overview)
    - Learn how to add Clerk's prebuilt authentication and user-management UI to your app.

    ---

    - [Build custom flows](/docs/guides/development/custom-flows/overview)

>     - Learn how to build custom authentication and user-management flows with Clerk's APIs.

Reviewer: could we update this to be a bit more definitive on what custom flows are - matching the [custom flows overview](https://clerk.com/docs/guides/development/custom-flows/overview) 🙌 

```suggestion
    - Learn how to build custom user interfaces entirely from scratch using the Clerk API.
```

Reviewer: this would need to get applied to the other places this is written as well!

Author: Nice one thank you! Applied here: [Make descriptions of custom flows cards consistent](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-docs/pull/3450/commits/f3f4feb044d049b5c5d70d21eb2835613d670d4a) @alexisintech

    ---

    - [Build custom flows](/docs/guides/development/custom-flows/overview)
    - Learn how to build custom authentication and user-management flows with Clerk's APIs.

    ---

    - [Clerk class reference](/docs/reference/objects/clerk)
    - Learn more about the Clerk class and how to use it.

    ---

    - [Customize UI](/docs/guides/customizing-clerk/appearance-prop/overview)
    - Learn how to customize Clerk's prebuilt components to match your application's design.
  </Cards>
</If>

<If sdk="vue">
  <Cards>
    - [Prebuilt components](/docs/reference/components/overview)
    - Learn how to add Clerk's prebuilt authentication and user-management UI to your app.

    ---

    - [Build custom flows](/docs/guides/development/custom-flows/overview)
    - Learn how to build custom authentication and user-management flows with Clerk's APIs.

    ---

    - [Client-side helpers (composables)](/docs/reference/vue/overview#custom-composables)
    - Learn more about Clerk's client-side helpers and how to use them.

    ---

    - [Update Clerk options at runtime](/docs/reference/vue/update-clerk-options)

>     - Learn how to update Clerk's options at runtime in your Vue app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Learn how to update Clerk's options at runtime in your Vue app.
```
